Before he comes
you
It must be you
I'm going to kill you I lost
People are doing it and the sky is watching
You were treacherous.
Do it yourself
Natural disaster decree
None of you will forget
Dad, don't panic
What's destroyed is just the tip of the iceberg of our world
You burn the gas book and destroy the nine tripods
Great rebellion has violated the power of God
Natural disaster decree
And this is really just the tip of the iceberg.
Dad?
The sandstorm in the Western Zhou Dynasty flooded the main city
What? I have been without sandstorms for ten years in the Western Zhou Dynasty
How could it be sudden?
Nanzhou tsunami
Linhai Yantian was completely destroyed
All ships were engulfed
Dofu has finished the bottom line
Light Boat Skyfire
What? Is this stick really not refundable?
This one really can't be destroyed.
Now I know.
Let's not lose our sense of proportion.
Our nine clans have a strong foundation
This little disaster is not enough to destroy us
As long as our nine clans join forces
It will definitely reverse the world
The nine clans were just an extremely unknown generation back then
You don't think about it.
When did the Nine Clans begin to rise?
Now you self-destruct
self-destruct
Dragon kill me
After all, the Liu family has no intention of quitting the marriage
All this is you who picked the shuttle between the Li family and the Chen family